She began genuinely looking forward to their dates. They had similar senses of humor, got along well, and, most confusingly of all, Alan never pressured or even hinted at taking their relationship to the next level. One day Meddy outright asked him why he hadn’t made a move on her yet, but he only laughed and said that there was no rush, and that if it was supposed to happen, he was sure that it would.

After another month of spending more and more time together, Meddy finally had to face the fact that she was falling for a man for the first time in her life. And then, when they spontaneously kissed the following week, on a beautiful nature trail running beside a babbling brook, the unfamiliar fluttering in her stomach let Meddy know that she was in love.

Things continued to escalate, with their kisses becoming longer, deeper, and more physical over the next few months, until Meddy was left panting with a desire so similar, and yet so different from the powerful lusts she’d experienced her entire adult life.

Finally, one day, as they necked on the couch in Meddy’s apartment and Alan’s strong hands played delightfully under her shirt, Meddy forced herself to pull away from him, look deep into his warm, brown eyes, and tell him about the curse.

Alan sat, listening patiently as Meddy told him her life story, sparing none of the salacious details of her decade of making men hard. At the end of her tale, she looked up at him, eyebrow furrowed, and said, “You don’t believe me, do you?”

He took her hand. “It’s a crazy story, but unless this is an excuse to break up with me, I don’t see any reason for you to lie. I believe you.”

Meddy exhaled in relief, but the look on her face grew even more troubled. “Then you know why I have to leave you,” Meddy said, tears prickling the corners of her eyes. “I don’t want to hurt you like that.”

“Meddy,” Alan began, and she couldn’t help but be put at easy by his soothing baritone. “I don’t understand anything about this curse, but do know that I want to be with you. Not for sex, but for you. If you don’t want us to have sex because you’re worried about the curse, that’s fine with me. I just want to be with you, and I won’t let anything stand in the way of that, curse or no curse.“

Meddy was smiling so wide that she thought her heart might burst for joy. “Ok. We’ll take things slowly.”

And so they did. Their relationship continued to develop, and while they both continued to enjoy the physical side of their relationship, as far as they had taken it, Meddy never hinted that she wanted to take things any further, and once again Alan never pressed her.

Everything was wonderful, and Meddy had never been happier in her life. The purity of her love with Alan was beyond anything she had ever experienced—he was the perfect gentleman, never showing any sign that he needed more than the happiness of just existing together.

And then the most natural thing in the world happened: Meddy got horny. At this point it had been months since she had gotten her pussy properly pounded, and with her naturally high libido and the frequency with which she was used to scratching that carnal itch, her self-imposed celibacy was beginning to wear on her. Meddy’s slutty clothes and behavior started to creep back out around Alan, and while he was still a perfect gentleman about it, Meddy could tell that the way she was brazenly throwing her body at him would eventually take its toll. It was time for them to have sex, and they both knew it.

So, that night Meddy finally took the man of her dreams back to her lair, ready to give herself to him for the first time. Alan could feel her shaking, and he pulled her against him, looked down into her eyes, and said that nothing in the world could change the way he felt about her.